What is a computer doing when you type a letter on the keyboard? 
    The computer is waiting for a signal from the keyboard. Onces you press the keyboard, the computer gets a signal.
    It then interprets that signal as a letter and puts it on the screen. 
How do Computers use input and output to create experiences? 
    A computer is just a machine that follows instructions and can make calculations. 
    The only way a computer is going to know if you want something is if you give it input. The only waay a computer is going to 
    give you an answer is though some kind of output. String enough of these inputs and outputs and you have an experience. 
Explain why software products are infintely reproducible nothings?
    This phrase comes from the idea that software is seen as product that one has to pay for, that it cost
    something to distribute software to multiple users. In reality, the cost of copying software and giving
    it to someone else is essentially free and thus software products are infintely reproducible.
Explain how code becomes software
    Code becomes software when it is interpreted by the computer to do something useful. 
    Once you can use code to accomplish a task it becomes software
Explain Algorithms in your own words. 
    Algorithms are like recipes. They are just a fancy way of saying a series of steps followed to accomplish a specific task.
Explain the DRY principle
    Dont repeat yourself
    To keep code from being verbose you follow this principle. You want to repeat yourself as little as possible.
    You can do this by using functions and classes to group code.
Explain what object oriented programming is 
    Object oriented programming is a way of coding. Basically you think of items in memory as representing 
    real world objects with their own properties and and ways of doing things. This is a great to program
    because it is easier for us to problem-solve this way since humans naturally think this way.
What is a framework? 
    Frameworks are used to build certain types of software faster. They provide tools and methods for that task. What to build a web application? Use a web framework because this way you don't have to write all the code from scratch. 
What is debugging?
    Debugging is going back through the code and/or testing code to find bugs/ errors that dont allow the code to run correctly.
Why do you want to learn to code?
    I want to learn to code because coding is the future and I want to build it. 
    Some skills are becoming obsolete but coding is not one of them. In other words, i want to secure my financial stability. 

